# `baltic2019draft`

***

### Folders

**`layers`**

This folder contains all data files to be used for layers in calculating the index scores. These layers are created in the data preparation step, in the `bhi-prep` repo; registering these files in `layers.csv` links the layer with the particular filename and other meta information.

**`conf`**

Configuration folder containing: 

- `config.R`  which specifies weightings of index dimensions and some other configuration details

- `scenario_data_years.csv`  specifies alignment between 'data years' when measurements are takes and 'scenario years' for which scores are aggregated

- `rgns_complete.csv`  file containing information for the index spatial configuration scheme

- `goals.csv`  guides ordering of goal/subgoal/dimension calculations

- Pressure and resilience matrices and tables to specify relative importance of different pressures and resilience components

**`functions`**

A folder containing goal functions in individual scripts, with potentially multiple functions per goal. These scripts are compiled into one `functions.R` script by the `configure_functions` function. This piecewise approach is designed for conducting multiple analyses or comparing functional approaches within a given assessment, e.g. scenario testing or sensitivity analysis.

**`reports`**

Figures and documents subfolders contain content generated for reports, including flowerplots generated by `ohicore`.

**`temp`**

Files generated on the fly by various `ohicore` functions, or in other analyses.

***

### Files

**`calculate_scores.Rmd`**

Document with code and explanation of step to calculate BHI scores using the `ohicore` package. More information in supplementary documents.

**`layers.csv`**

Table matching actual data files and meta information with 'layers' used in the assessment.

**`scores.csv`**

Key file generated by `ohicore` functions. Final result of the OHI assessment, containing goal, subgoal, and Index scores-- aggregated and for each dimension, and for different spatial units: country eez, subbasin, BHI regions, and the Baltic Sea.
